Onboarding docs (#3785)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/index.rst

.. meta::

>   :description: hipDNN is a plugin-based deep learning library that provides graph-based operation support through backend plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: hipDNN (Deep Neural Network) is a graph-based deep learning library that enables multi-operation fusion for improved performance on AMD GPUs. 
```

  :keywords: hipDNN, ROCm, documentation,

********************
hipDNN documentation
********************

> hipDNN (Deep Neural Network) is a plugin-based deep learning library that provides graph-based operation support through backend plugins. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hipDNN (Deep Neural Network) is a graph-based deep learning library that enables multi-operation fusion for improved performance on AMD GPUs. 
```

Each plugin implements specific operations with support for different datatypes, layouts, and features.

> hipDNN allows developers to run deep learning workloads on ROCm and AMD GPUs while maintaining compatibility with NVIDIA's cuDNN API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hipDNN allows developers to run deep learning workloads on ROCm and AMD GPUs while maintaining compatibility with NVIDIA's cuDNN Frontend API.
```

The component public repository is located at `https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/tree/develop/projects/hipdnn <https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/tree/develop/projects/hipdnn>`_.

.. grid:: 2
  :gutter: 3

>   .. grid-item-card:: Install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. grid-item-card:: Overview

    * :doc:`What is hipDNN?<./what-is-hipdnn.html>`

  .. grid-item-card:: Install
```
